{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat2\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Big Data Questions (Spark & Scala)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 	1.	what is transformation and action And Difference\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	2.	}difference betn flat map n map?\
{\listtext	3.	}what is spark context?\
{\listtext	4.	}what is rdd n advantage?\
{\listtext	5.	}what is dataframe?\
{\listtext	6.	}which one is lazy execution transformation or action?   answer ->  transformation\
{\listtext	7.	}what is difference between rdd & dataframe?\
{\listtext	8.	}How do you perform sql query in spark?\
{\listtext	9.	}how to create temp table?\
{\listtext	10.	}what is partiion? How to change number of partition?\
{\listtext	11.	}
\fs28 what is advantage of using spark over hadoop?
\fs26 \
{\listtext	12.	}can i use spark with hive or hadoop ecosystem?  Answer-> Yes You can work with or without hadoop\
{\listtext	13.	}can i write map reduce in spark and how?\
{\listtext	14.	}how do you submit you application to your spark engine? answer-> create jar file\
{\listtext	15.	} how do you monitor job progress in hadoop and spark?\
{\listtext	16.	}difference between val & var?\
{\listtext	17.	}what is case class & its advantages?\
{\listtext	18.	}all oops concept que\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab560\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}what is encapasulation?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}what is abstraction?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}what is object in class?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}what is trait?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}does scala support method overloading & method overriding?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}what is method overloading?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}what is method overriding?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}what is inheritance & how to achieve it?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}what is is-a-relationship & has-a-relationship?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}is scala is dynamic or static language & why?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}what is interface? does scala support abstraction using interface?   answer -> no interface in scala we can use trait for interface\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\pardeftab560\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	19.	}how to create function in scala, can you explain syntax with example?\
{\listtext	20.	}how many loops are available in scala?\
{\listtext	21.	}explain working of for loop in scala?\
{\listtext	22.	}what is difference between (1to 5) & (1 until 5)?\
{\listtext	23.	}how do we control for loop with difference of 2 or any other number?\
{\listtext	24.	}what is unit type in scala function?\
{\listtext	25.	}what is any data type?\
{\listtext	26.	}what is difference between NULL & null?\
{\listtext	27.	}what is NILL, nothing, unit?\
{\listtext	28.	}how do you create null string in scala?\
{\listtext	29.	}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}